README.md, before:

# Homepage Project   (●'◡'●)

## About Me

I am a Computer Science student at WISS School in Bern, Switzerland.

### Project Overview

Welcome to my personal homepage project! 🌐

In this project, I am embarking on a journey to create a unique and captivating personal homepage using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. My goal is to showcase my skills, creativity, and personality through this web development endeavor. Join me on this exciting exploration of the digital world!

## Table of Contents

1. [Project Description](#project-description)
2. [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
3. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
4. [Contributions](#contributions)
5. [License](#license)

## Project Description

This project is all about crafting a personalized online space that reflects who I am and what I'm passionate about. Through this homepage, I aim to:

- **Experiment**: Dive deep into HTML, CSS, and JS to experiment with various web development techniques and design concepts.

- **Showcase Skills**: Display my growing skills and knowledge in web development, demonstrating what I've learned as a Computer Science student.

- **Connect**: Create a digital bridge to connect with others who share similar interests and foster meaningful collaborations.

## Technologies Used

I'm harnessing the power of the following technologies to bring this project to life:

- **HTML**: The backbone of web development, providing structure and content to my homepage.

- **CSS**: Adding style, beauty, and responsiveness to make the page visually appealing and accessible on different devices.

- **JavaScript**: Adding interactivity and dynamic elements to engage visitors and enhance the user experience.

## Getting Started

To explore and contribute to this project, follow these simple steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/D3li4/Homepage
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

   ```bash
   cd Homepage
   ```

3. Open the `index.html` file in your preferred web browser to view the homepage.

4. Feel free to make improvements or suggest changes by creating a pull request. I welcome your contributions and ideas to make this project even better!

## Contributions

I appreciate any contributions, whether it's bug fixes, design enhancements, or new features. If you have an idea or suggestion, please don't hesitate to reach out and collaborate with me.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.txt) file for details.

---

If you have any questions, suggestions, or if there's anything else you'd like to know, feel free to reach out! 🚀🌟

Commit message:

Updated the README with the three.js link to the documentation

README.md, after:

# Homepage Project   (●'◡'●)

## About Me

I am a Computer Science student at WISS School in Bern, Switzerland.

### Project Overview

Welcome to my personal homepage project! 🌐

In this project, I am embarking on a journey to create a unique and captivating personal homepage using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. My goal is to showcase my skills, creativity, and personality through this web development endeavor. Join me on this exciting exploration of the digital world!

## Table of Contents

1. [Project Description](#project-description)
2. [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
3. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
4. [Contributions](#contributions)
5. [License](#license)

## Project Description

This project is all about crafting a personalized online space that reflects who I am and what I'm passionate about. Through this homepage, I aim to:

- **Experiment**: Dive deep into HTML, CSS, and JS to experiment with various web development techniques and design concepts.

- **Showcase Skills**: Display my growing skills and knowledge in web development, demonstrating what I've learned as a Computer Science student.

- **Connect**: Create a digital bridge to connect with others who share similar interests and foster meaningful collaborations.

## Technologies Used

I'm harnessing the power of the following technologies to bring this project to life:

- **HTML:** The backbone of web development, providing structure and content to my homepage.

- **CSS:** Adding style, beauty, and responsiveness to make the page visually appealing and accessible on different devices.

- **JavaScript:** Adding interactivity and dynamic elements to engage visitors and enhance the user experience.

- **Three.js:** Three.js is a lightweight cross-browser JavaScript library/API used to create and display animated 3D computer graphics on a Web browser. Three.js scripts may be used in conjunction with the HTML5 canvas element, SVG or WebGL.  
[Here](https://threejs.org/docs/index.html#manual/en/introduction/Creating-a-scene) is the Documentation.



## Getting Started

To explore and contribute to this project, follow these simple steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/D3li4/Homepage
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

   ```bash
   cd Homepage
   ```

3. Open the `index.html` file in your preferred web browser to view the homepage.

4. Feel free to make improvements or suggest changes by creating a pull request. I welcome your contributions and ideas to make this project even better!

## Contributions

I appreciate any contributions, whether it's bug fixes, design enhancements, or new features. If you have an idea or suggestion, please don't hesitate to reach out and collaborate with me.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.txt) file for details.

---

If you have any questions, suggestions, or if there's anything else you'd like to know, feel free to reach out! 🚀🌟
